you
[Music]
hello it's Ruby and as you can see today
I am showing you a very belated study
with me this was back when I was still
studying for my a-levels but I never
posted it and I actually quite liked
this study with me so I did want to
share it so after reading to you and
highlighting one of my past RS essays I
decided to do the use questions on
transition metals
[Music]
and next I did these questions on
entropy I believe and there are a few
questions on here that I did kind of
struggle with so I decided to watch a
video online and just use this to
consolidate my knowledge on this topic
next I decided to write an essay on
pied-à-terre and Flores Al's
relationship with the Winter's Tale and
I was listening to the Cider House Rules
soundtrack at the same time which is
absolutely beautiful I definitely
recommend this thing to it so then I
decided to do some more entropy
questions I believe that these entropy
at least they might be rate of reaction
and then I read through these unseen
extracts which my teacher given me and I
just used this to make a brief essay
plan
[Music]
and from that I also decided to write a
timed paragraph
by the way I am using these pens from
stationery Island to do my headings
today you might have actually seen me
using these earlier and I've used them
in another study with me but I'm not
sure whether that one's gonna go up so
basically they sell brush pens and they
sent me two packs very kindly
so this first pack is the kind of
original colors it's just got the normal
colors and then also this water color
mixing pen so you can basically mix it
so it's more for when you're drawing
with them and I'm not very good at
drawing so I have I've tried using this
one but I'm not very good with this
these are the ones that I really like
these are the autumn colors the autumn
colors are so so lovely so they're all
just really warm and I love this green
so much this is one of my favorite
colors and I'm gonna use it to do my
heading now but yes I'll leave this link
down below and I've also got a discount
code for you which I will leave
somewhere on the screen as well and also
down below if you want to go and have a
look I really really love these pens
they're also stationery Island has very
generously offered to sponsor a giveaway
on this channel which is really really
exciting because these pens as I said
are really great and it would be amazing
for you to try them out too but
basically if you want to enter the own
but basically if you want and there are
three things that you've got to do the
first thing is you've got to be
subscribed to my channel
second thing you need to be subscribed
to the stationery Islands channel which
I will leave link down below and the
third thing is just to leave a comment
down below basically leaving the comment
means that I can choose a winner from
the comment section so make sure that
you comment okay so now I'm gonna get
back on with studying
so then here you can see me using the
pans and basically I was thinking about
victim Stein's influence on religious
language so just going through and
bullet pointing specific points that I
might want to you mention in a paragraph
and this isn't necessarily something
that I think I'd have to write a whole
essay on but I thought it would be
interesting just to think about it more
deeply so this is really me just putting
my thoughts on paper because it
encourages me to think more deeply about
things so then next I did some electric
potential chemistry questions and I only
filmed a tiny bit of me doing that and
then I decided to do some more rate of
reaction questions just before I had
lunch and I just had some salad and
pizza bread I really want to try one of
these little moons machi and it's
basically coconut flavored ice cream so
then I just made this list of all of the
chemistry practicals and then I went
through and practiced the creaky
equations for chemistry sorry
and I also practice some more practice
exam questions because really this is
the best way to advise
[Music]
and then next I needed to book my
accommodation so you can see how long
ago actually filmed their study with me
and I finally got that done which took
quite a while and after that I decided
to just write a religious experience
introduction and I timed that before
doing a actually climb as well and I
don't know where there's such a massive
gap in the time because I can't remember
what I did in that time so maybe I was
working maybe I went in a walk I'm not
entirely sure but at the same time is
tidying my room as you can see I'm doing
right here I decided to listen to a
conference which my teacher recommended
it's not really tied to the
specification but he said it was
interesting so I decided to have a look
and I didn't enjoy listened listening to
it so after that just to finish I
decided to do a chemistry paper but
that's one of the studying that I did
that day I hope that you enjoyed
watching and have a productive week